
IBM sure is making good off of its $ 2 billion acquisition of Softlayer .

As part of its initiative to speed the delivery of cognitive innovations to organizations via the cloud , IBM also revealed it will deploy Watson on Softlayer , the cloud computing infrastructure IBM acquired last year , Rhodin added.

And if IBM 's recent acquisition of Softlayer and the forming of a new Cloud Services division means anything at all , it 's likely a strong indication that seeing a slump in datacenter relocation/consolidation and business transformation efforts , it would be looking to bring customer virtualized servers in-house , using highly automated provisioning processes that would eliminate the need for a lot of datacenter staff.

But , almost as soon as this revelation was confirmed , cloud rivals International Business Machines Corporation , or IBM ( who recently purchased cloud company Softlayer ) , submitted a formal protest related to how the $ 600 million contract had been awarded.

Watson will be re-engineered to operate on Softlayer , the cloud computing infrastructure business IBM bought in a $ 2 billion deal last year.

Enterprise Systems Media Novitex Enterprise Solutions Chooses IBM to Build its Cloud SoftLayer serves as the platform to support Novitex 's growing business as part of a nearly $ 10-million agreement IBM and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

IBM Closes Softlayer in Bid to Advance Cloud Vision By Sean Michael Kerner | Cloud Article Published on July 08 , 2013 IBM execs take aim at Amazon as new capabilities fall under Cloud Services umbrella.

The ServiceMesh Agility Platform , CSC 's cloud management platform , will be offered as part of the IBM Cloud Marketplace under the agreement for the expanded relationship and CSC could stand to benefit from offering IBM Softlayer.

It will be deployed using Softlayer , the cloud computing infrastructure business bought by IBM last year.

Here , developers were given the use of Retsly’s data feed to create a product in a competition setting with the winners eligible for up to $ 2,500 in cash , free hosting from IBM’s Softlayer division , a first look from angel investors , as well as other prizes.

Read the full story at Datamation : IBM Closes Softlayer in Bid to Advance Cloud Vision Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com .

( Source : IBM ) The new Watson-based apps will run on Softlayer , a cloud-based platform that IBM recently acquired.

advertising IBM pays $ 2bn to buy Softlayer cloud computing PUBLISHED : MINUTES AGO | UPDATE : MINUTES AGO PRINT EDITION : 05 Jun 2013 The $US2 billion purchase of SoftLayer Technologies is the largest made under the leadership of Virginia Rometty , who became chief executive in January 2012 , and will give IBM a broader presence in the cloud-computing service business.

A major initiative for the IBM Watson Group will be to continue advancing its research and development to accelerate the delivery of cognitive innovations to organizations via the cloud.As part of this initiative IBM will engineer Watson to be deployed on Softlayer , the cloud computing infrastructure business recently acquired by IBM.

An interesting development over this time has been the rise of traditional vendors such as IBM who , thanks to their acquisition of cloud platform Softlayer , is well positioned to deliver on this hybrid opportunity.

So last year IBM bought a company called Softlayer that specializes in providing cloud services.  Andrew McAfee , a professor at MIT’s Sloan School of Business and author of Enterprise 2.0 , thinks IBM’s star turn on TV a couple of years ago —as the builder of Jeopardy champ Watson — was a good sign.

Surprisingly , IBM's NeXtScale press release and web pages hardly mention software of any kind , not even their new Softlayer products.

[ 2 ] In its 2015 roadmap , IBM stated that cloud computing will be the key driver for revenue growth and has spent billions of dollars building its cloud business globally with a number of acquisitions in the past three years that includes Softlayer , Keneax , DemandTec and Sterling Commerce , etc.

With IBM’s acquisition of Softlayer , AWS’ constant innovation , Salesforce , open source clouds as championed by Rackspace , VMware’s massive push among cloud providers , cloud is here to stay.

By opening up its Watson system , IBM seeks to increase revenues at its consulting division and at Softlayer , which it recently acquired.

IBM is also already working on integrating mobile messaging service Xtify -- which was brought into the IBM fold just last week -- onto Softlayer technology.

Watson will be deployed on Softlayer , the cloud computing infrastructure business IBM bought last year.

IBM bought Softlayer and Trusteer earlier this year.

June 4 , 2013 07 : 23 PM EDT Reads : 340 IBM buys Softlayer , for software defined infrastructures and clouds ? By Greg Schulz IBM today announced that they are acquiring privately held Dallas Texas-based Softlayer and Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ) provider.

Mr. Crosby says IBM has won 2,400 new clients since the Softlayer acquisition , many from existing IBM customers.

'We're going to bring a lot of IBM middleware over into a cloud environment , so it will be consumable worldwide,'said Lance Crosby , CEO of Softlayer , a public cloud company IBM purchased last year for US$ 2 billion.

From its November announcement offering its Watson supercomputer as a cloud-based applications tool to the $ 2 billion acquisition of cloud company Softlayer in summer , IBM looks poised to continue its mission to dazzle the public with new announcements on its cloud progress all the way through year-end.

Tags : Amazon , cloud computing IBM Closes Softlayer in Bid to Advance Cloud Vision By Sean Michael Kerner | Article Published July 08 , 2013 IBM execs take aim at Amazon as new capabilities fall under Cloud Services umbrella.

Softlayer , which IBM has acquired , wasn’t named by any of the respondents.

IBM begins moving software portfolio to the cloud Swiftly putting its recently acquired Softlayer global cloud to use , IBM is moving much of its software portfolio and all of its existing platform services to the Softlayer cloud , where they all can be accessed as services under a common open architecture.

In line with this strong commitment with cloud technology , IBM announced last July that it had completed the acquisition of Softlayer , the world 's largest provider of cloud computing infrastructure .

Article Rating : June 7 , 2013 09 : 13 AM EDT Reads : 1,069 Remember : Logicworks will be at next week 's CloudExpo in NYC ! Friday is here ! And what a week it’s been , from IBM’s acquisition of Softlayer , to Microsoft’s increased presence in the public cloud fight , to AWS and the government , and much more.

Sean Ludwig details the big MSP news of the week with IBM’s acquisition of Softlayer.

IBM has spent billions of dollars building its cloud business globally with a number of acquisitions in the past years that include Trusteer , Softlayer , Keneax , DemandTec and Sterling Commerce , etc.

With the upcoming release , Cirba customers will be able to see applications hosted externally in Amazon AWS and IBM Softlayer infrastructures through this same UI , leveraging policy-based analytics to ensure workloads are hosted in the optimal container sizes , and providing drag-and-drop functionality to determine if , when and how workloads should be brought back in-house.

IBM also announced a key acquisition in this space today , purchasing privately-held cloud computing company Softlayer Technologies at a price tag of $ 2 billion.

IBM bought Softlayer , a cloud company with 13 data centers , last year for $ 2 billion.

by Joseph Tsidulko on June 5 , 2014 , 2 : 15 pm EDT Visionaries : IBM Softlayer IBM 's public cloud comes through its acquisition of SoftLayer in July 2013.

" We 're going to bring a lot of IBM middleware over into a cloud environment , so it will be consumable worldwide , " said Lance Crosby , CEO of Softlayer , a public cloud company IBM purchased last year for US$ 2 billion.

IBM also acquired several companies to increase its portfolio , such as Softlayer , The Now Factory , and Xtify.

The new enterprise services are industry-specific , subscription-based packages combining components such as consulting , prebuilt assets , software , support and cloud infrastructure -- the latter stemming from IBM 's acquisition of Softlayer.

IBM reiterated that Softlayer will form the foundation of its cloud portfolio , but the tech giant is also weaving together plenty of loose ends and acquisitions for both SaaS and hybrid cloud offerings.

Aberdeen 's recent report " IBM Buys Softlayer : Cloud Computing Now Mainstream " reviews IBM 's recent acquisition of Softlayer , a cloud computing company.

PCWorld >> BIG BLUE PICTURE : IBM exploits $ 2 billion Softlayer acquistion , by Brian Karlovsky : " IBM launched a raft of new Cloud and analytics offerings.

Cloudant gives IBM a DBaaS option that 's already running on Softlayer , the company IBM acquired last year for $ 2 billion and has since invested another $ 1 billion to expand on Softlayer infrastructure as the backbone of IBM cloud services.

After its recent Softlayer acquisition , I wrote about how IBM begun moving Smart Cloud Enterprise customers over to the Softlayer platform.

Bangalore : IBM will have 40 data centers by this year with an addition of 28 data centers to the already existing 12 data centers : out of which 13 were acquired from the cloud computing company Softlayer at $ 2 billion.

IBM 's acquisition of Softlayer last year , in the midst of declining revenue as a result of its lack of cloud computing offerings up to that point , is one noteworthy example , according to Forbes .

IBM announced that it is moving the IBM Social Learning Platform and the recently acquired Xtify mobile messaging software to the Softlayer cloud platform.

There is no doubt that the area is heating up with more and more acquisitions ( IBM buys Softlayer ) , investments ( GE invests $ 105M in Pivotal ) and fights over big deals ( IBM vs. AWS for the CIA cloud ) but the question that comes up is : " Are the cloud platforms ready for the enterprise ? " Being involved with numerous cloud projects I see five areas that enterprises emphasize when they evaluate their options.

Presented below is a page from the Digital Enterprise Playbook Series : IBM SoftLayer Update IBM's acquisition of SoftLayer is going excellently and many IBM divisions now are actively collaborating with the Softlayer team to migrate existing apps and develop new ones.

IDG News Service ( New York Bureau ) - Swiftly putting its recently acquired Softlayer global cloud to use , IBM is moving much of its software portfolio and all of its existing platform services to the Softlayer cloud , where they all can be accessed as services under a common open architecture.

The big news in terms of customer stories for IBM ‘s Softlayer cloud over the past year has been the on-again , off-again ( and now , seemingly , off forever ) battle with AWS over the CIA private cloud contract.

Big bets like the Softlayer acquisition , difficult decisions like dropping their Smart Cloud product for the undeniably better Softlayer-powered product line , Watson as a Service and other initiaitves show that ( at long last ) IBM really gets where their future lies.

As part of this initiative IBM will engineer Watson to be deployed on Softlayer , the cloud computing infrastructure business recently acquired by IBM.

Post navigation Dany Sabbah GM and CTO talks about IBM Softlayer Acquisition By Susan Eustis IBM is set to acquire SoftLayer , a cloud computing vendor.

IBM completed their acquisition of Softlayer in July , which gives IBM access to an integrated cloud software stack that looks like it has already supplanted IBM's internally developed SmartCloud.

All topics ITworld Research Centers IBM begins moving software portfolio to the cloud IBM 's BlueMix project aims to bring all of IBM 's cloud services together under a single architecture February 24 , 2014 , 12 : 04 AM - Swiftly putting its recently acquired Softlayer global cloud to use , IBM is moving much of its software portfolio and all of its existing platform services to the Softlayer cloud , where they all can be accessed as services under a common open architecture.

IBM Cloud Business Solutions are industry-specific , subscription-based packages combining components such as consulting , prebuilt assets , software , support and cloud infrastructure from IBM 's Softlayer acquisition.

June 4 , 2013 07 : 23 PM EDT Reads : 217 IBM buys Softlayer , for software defined infrastructures and clouds ? By Greg Schulz IBM today announced that they are acquiring privately held Dallas Texas-based Softlayer and Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ) provider.

Rackspace Hosting ( RAX ) , Hewlett Packard ( HPQ ) , Google ( GOOG ) and IBM , which acquired Softlayer in 2013 , are among other IaaS providers.

Since 2007 , IBM has invested more than $ 7 billion in 17 acquisitions including Softlayer to accelerate its cloud initiatives and build a high value cloud portfolio.

The performance was attributed in part to the acquisition of Softlayer , which brought incremental new business that would not have otherwise gone to IBM.

In line with this strong commitment with cloud technology , IBM announced last July that it had completed the acquisition of Softlayer , the world's largest provider of cloud computing infrastructure.

Although IBM Softlayer is touting the technology it acquired when it purchased Aspera , it would be wise for IT decision-makers to also know about Signiant and its technology.

There is no doubt that the area is heating up with more and more acquisitions ( IBM buys Softlayer ) , investments ( GE invests $ 105M in Pivotal ) and fights over big deals ( IBM vs. AWS f ... 

" We 're going to bring a lot of IBM middleware over into a cloud environment , so it will be consumable worldwide , " said Lance Crosby , CEO of Softlayer , a public cloud company IBM purchased last year for $ 2 billion.

Credit : iStockphoto Bit by bit , IBM 's cloud empire has come together , and it 's aimed most directly at Fortune 500 folks with heavy business needs , especially by way of its Softlayer acquisition .

So what’s up ? IBM is in the process of reinventing what it does – the purchase of Softlayer last year , and the increasing move towards Softlayer being the main thrust of its cloud computing offerings going forwards indicate just how seriously IBM takes the battle with Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) .

www.rackwareinc.com About IBM SoftlayerIBM acquired SoftLayer Technologies in 2013 to make it easier and faster for clients around the world to incorporate cloud computing by marrying the speed and simplicity of SoftLayer 's public cloud services with the enterprise grade reliability , security and openness of the IBM SmartCloud portfolio.

Now IBM ( by way of its Softlayer cloud subsidiary ) and Mirantis ( an outfit that 's both an OpenStack vendor and solutions provider ) are pairing up to provide OpenStack as a private , on-demand , pay-as-you-go service hosted on bare metal provisioned exclusively for the user.

Over the long term IBM should grow its public cloud offerings through its acquisition of Softlayer – completed in July.

Dupaquier , who spent the last four years as vice president of marketing and strategy for IBM 's System and Technology Group , a $ 20 billion business , has already told CRN that he will work on helping partners take advantage of IBM 's growing software business , which has seen a number of acquisitions in recent years including the $ 2 billion acquisition last year of high-flying Web services provider Softlayer.

Skip the navigation News IBM begins moving software portfolio to the cloud IBM's BlueMix project aims to bring all of IBM's cloud services together under a single architecture By Joab Jackson February 24 , 2014 12 : 04 AM ET IDG News Service - Swiftly putting its recently acquired Softlayer global cloud to use , IBM is moving much of its software portfolio and all of its existing platform services to the Softlayer cloud , where they all can be accessed as services under a common open architecture.

Anyone watching IBM since it acquired cloud provider Softlayer last June has probably seen a shift in the company 's cloud strategy.

Anthony Cuthberson writes the cross-cloud data migration tool is intended to build on IBM’s $ 2 billion acquisition of Softlayer and open up cloud adoption to more enterprises.

" Customers embrace the proven performance and reliability of IBM Softlayer virtual and bare metal cloud servers and this new benchmark with Mirantis demonstrates just how powerful and flexible of a foundation we can provide with OpenStack for enterprise private cloud deployments at scale. " 

IBM has bought into some excellent infrastructure at Softlayer but still has to prove its cloud engineering capabilities.

“Being based in New York City is central for drawing talent for Watson.” Photo by Dan Winters Also buried in IBM 's announcement is boring but important news : The company is reengineering Watson to be deployed on Softlayer , a cloud computing firm IBM purchased for $ 2 billion in 2013.

Send this story to a friend Jul 8 , 2014 , 7 : 02am CDT Hybrid cloud market is growing , report shows Ben Torres | Bloomberg Servers and hard drives stand inside pod one of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas.

IBM ( IBM ) recently acquired IaaS provider Softlayer , as IBD reported .

IBM Buys Softlayer As Part of Public Cloud Push The company also announced the formation of a new division

In addition , IBM this month it acquired cloud computing infrastructure provider Softlayer Technologies Inc. , which will expand IBM 's ability to offer data storage and computing services in the cloud through networks of Internet servers.

May 28 , 2014 , 2 : 18 P.M. ET IBM : Can SoftLayer Save Their Cloud ? Asks UBS ; A Lou Gerstner Moment By Tiernan Ray UBS’s Steve Millunovich today reiterated a Neutral rating on shares of International Business Machines ( IBM ) , which he believes faces something of a Lou Gerstner moment in its evolution , banking on the acquisition last year of startup Softlayer Technologies to help the company’s position in cloud computing.

IBM Chalks up Gains from Softlayer Acquisition Monday , July 14 , 2014 One year after acquiring Softlayer for $ 2 billion , IBM reported continued gains in its cloud leadership positions in terms of new enterprise customers and the launch of differentiated services.

In line with this strong commitment with cloud technology , IBM announced last July that it had completed the acquisition of Softlayer , the world 's largest provider of cloud computing infrastructure.

Although IBM is a relatively late starter as far as the cloud is concerned , purchasing Softlayer , what was the largest privately held Infrastructure-as-a-Service provider in the world , will certainly not hurt its chances of obtaining the CIA contract.

“The acquisition of Softlayer really brought together [ IBM’s ] cloud portfolio,” he said.

In forming this partnership IBM Softlayer gets to tell SAP customers a hybrid cloud story – making use of their own infrastructure along with IBM-managed kit.

Some companies , such as Softlayer , have been acquired by others ( IBM , in Softlayer 's case ) , and yet more new entrants have appeared.

The contract comes as a boost for IBM , which has been investing heavily in building out its cloud offerings , with recent acquisitions such as that of Softlayer aiming to improve its public cloud capabilities .

IBM Closes Softlayer in Bid to Advance Cloud Vision By Sean Michael Kerner | Cloud Article Published July 8 , 2013 IBM execs take aim at Amazon as new capabilities fall under Cloud Services umbrella.
Source : Forbes Blogs IBM Buys Privately Held Softlayer For $ 2 Billion 10 Updates It’s cloudy with a chance of $ 2 billion in tech today.

Home » IBM buys Softlayer , for software defined infrastructures and clouds ? IBM today announced that they are acquiring privately held Dallas Texas-based Softlayer and Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ) provider. 

IBM to Nix Smartcloud Enterprise , Migrate Customers to Newly Acquired Softlayer Cloud IBM has informed its customers that it will be phasing out its SmartCloud Enterprise cloud computing platform and is offering free migration of workloads to SoftLayer 's cloud , which IBM recently purchased.

IBM begins moving software portfolio to the cloud IBM 's BlueMix project aims to bring all of IBM 's cloud services together under a single architecture By Joab Jackson | IDG News Service Swiftly putting its recently acquired Softlayer global cloud to use , IBM is moving much of its software portfolio and all of its existing platform services to the Softlayer cloud , where they all can be accessed as services under a common open architecture.

IBM will reengineer Watson to be deployed on Softlayer , which is the cloud computing firm IBM acquired for $ 2 billion last year.

The proof of IBM 's serious commitment to Cloud and their strategy is a winning one is seen as the company revealed that it had paid about $ 2bn in a deal completed last month to acquire Softlayer Technologies , which IBM called " the world 's largest privately held cloud computing infrastructure company " .

http : //news.techworld.com/applications/3503354/ibm-begins-moving-software-portfolio-to-the-cloud/ IBM begins moving software portfolio to the cloud IBM 's BlueMix project aims to bring all of IBM 's cloud services together under a single architecture By Joab Jackson | Published : 05 : 05 , 24 February 2014 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus Share This Swiftly putting its recently acquired Softlayer global cloud to use , IBM is moving much of its software portfolio and all of its existing platform services to the Softlayer cloud , where they all can be accessed as services under a common open architecture.

IBM completed their acquisition of Softlayer in July , which gives IBM access to an integrated cloud software stack that looks like it has already supplanted IBM’s internally developed SmartCloud.

On the cloud front , IBM bought up Softlayer back in June for US$ 2 billion , a sizable investment that will actually be the new home of Xtify.

It comes with a Service Level Agreement that guarantees 99.95 percent monthly uptime , making it a competitive offering in terms of services But Google is entering a highly competitive market that includes Amazon , Microsoft and an increasingly aggressive IBM , which wants a piece of this cloud computing space and recently bought Softlayer to give it its own cloud infrastructure play.

IBM Softlayer CEO Lance Crosby , the executive in charge of IBM 's cloud push since IBM bought SoftLayer last year , can weigh in on this next month at Structure .
