IBM , who has been ramping up their Softlayer cloud business , has been quiet on the issue , so far , but certain features of their offerings , such as bare-metal cloud capabilities , aren’t available from the other big-name players.

Interestingly IBM is confirming rumors that Softlayer will be the default platform for all the cloud infrastructure it offers going forwards – all of these data centers will be based on Softlayer , the final admission perhaps that IBM’s SmartCloud wasn’t so… smart.

" Rackspace , Softlayer and IBM - have huge market share , but do n't have what you need in financial services .... 

- read Booker 's article More on cloud computing : Hong Kong 's community OpenStack cloud an onramp for startups Cloud migration ? Give your data a little love IBM to kill SmartCloud Enterprise , move users to Softlayer platform

The marketplace was actually announced back at IBM Impact in March when the company told analysts it was moving much of its software portfolio to the Softlayer cloud and to a subscription-based model.

Featured Company Featured Company Global Cloud-based Storage Industry - Page 3 PR Newswire Thursday , June 26th 2014 Riverbed Unveils Whitewater Model 3010 Appliance II-28 Rackspace Adds Critical Application Services to Open Cloud II-28 SoftLayer Unveils Softlayer Object Storage II-28 Pogo Storage Partners with LSI® and OS NEXUS to Unveil PogoStor™ II-28 STRATO Introduces HiDrive Free II-28 Bezeq and CTERA Collaborate to Launch Bezeq Remote Backup II-28 Eye-Fi to Launch Circ and Circ Plus II-28 TwinStrata Launches Upgraded Version of CloudArray 4.0 II-28 QNAP Introduces TS-x79 Series II-28 Novell Launches Novell Dynamic File Services II-28 RAX to Launch OpenStack-Based Cloud Block Storage II-28 Savvis Rolls out Savvis Symphony CloudStorage Technology II-29 Interush Unveils PHYTTER® DOCK Application II-29 MyCorporation Unveils MyCorpVault II-29 Scenios Rolls out Free Cloud Solution II-29 Maxis Unveils Loker II-29 DRFortress Unveils DRFcloud in Collaboration with Appcore II-29 Debriefing Software Introduces Wizard Storage Portal® II-29 Rackspace Improves Service Portfolio II-29 IBM Launches New Power Systems , Mainframe and Storage Technologies II-29 EMC Launches EMC® Storage Resource Management II-29 Red Hat to Launch New Portfolio of Open Hybrid Cloud Solutions II-29 Caringo Rolls out Three New Cloud Storage Software Products II-29 SoftLayer Unveils New Private Clouds Solution II-29 Caringo Launches VMS Editions of CAStor® and CFS II-29 Yandex Unveils Beta Edition of Yandex.Disk II-29 CTERA Launches CTERA Mobile for Android and Apple iOS II-29 StorSimple Launches New Solutions for Cloud-Based Enterprise- Grade Storage Products II-29 TwinStrata Unveils Storage Gateway for Google 's Cloud Storage Clients II-29 Symantec Launches Symantec O3 Cloud Identity and Access Control , a Powerful Protection Solution for the Cloud II-29 Caringo Unveils the Caringo Object Storage Platform Version 5.5 II-29 TwinStrata Launches TwinStrata CloudArray for HP Cloud Services II-29 FUJIFILM Recording Media and FUJIFILM Medical Systems Enter into Joint Venture II-29 SolidFire Launches SF6010 II-29 NEC Introduces Cloud-based Storage Solution II-29 Drobo Introduces Drobo-AWS Hybrid Cloud Storage Solution II-29 D-Link Introduces Mydlink Cloud Networking Solution II-29 Amazon Unveils High Storage Instances Family II-29 EMC Expands Atmos® Portfolio with New Cloud Storage Enhancements II-29 HP Adds Enhancements to the HP Cloud Services Collection II-29 Bridgestor Launches Crunch™ Appliance for Deduplication of Virtual Machine Images to the Cloud or Tape II-29

BlueMix will use IBM's global network of 40 data centers , which the company is still building out on top of the Softlayer cloud.

Last week IBM announced that it will engineer Watson _ its artificially intelligent computer system capable of answering questions posed in natural language _ to be deployed on Softlayer.

One recent example is its relationship with Flint River Partnership in Georgia , which is using both IBM’s Deep Thunder precision weather forecasting technology as well as IBM Softlayer for data management and automating irrigation recommendations , which are delivered to mobile devices.

Photographer : Ben Torres/Bloomberg Servers and hard drives stand inside the International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas , U.S. Close Servers and hard drives stand inside the International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) ... 

by Joseph Tsidulko on June 5 , 2014 , 2 : 15 pm EDT IBM Softlayer Strengths : IBM " has a strong vision for how the shift to cloud will radically transform its business over time , " Gartner notes.

Softlayer , an IBM company - " Through our partnership with Cloudera , we 're giving enterprises the performance and flexibility to tackle the toughest workloads on the cloud in a way that works best for them.

Frankly , if they’re not on Softlayer today , they’re hardly likely to put in the effort to move , just in order to , maybe , get a few IBM customers on board.

" Government clients will find the new Softlayer capabilities , delivered via these new centers , are the premier platform for moving mission workloads to the cloud , " said Anne Altman , general manager of IBM 's US Federal division , in a statement.

Mirantis and IBM collaborated earlier this year to demonstrate the scalability of OpenStack using Softlayer 's infrastructure , deploying a cloud with 75,000 virtual machines in 8 hours across multiple data centers 1,800 miles apart.

Ford brings with him two decades of technology sector experience , with an emphasis on infrastructure as a service ( IaaS ) and software as a service ( SaaS ) organizations.  He most recently served in senior marketing and business development capacities at Softlayer Technologies ( an IBM Company ) .  While there , Ford created and managed several strategic programs that contributed to an annual top-line revenue growth of 166 percent.  Among these programs was the Catalyst Startup Program , an internal startup incubation program supporting emerging tech companies building innovative products and services on the Softlayer platform.   Prior to Softlayer , Ford held a corporate development role at Rackspace Hosting and also founded several of his own companies.  Ford is also one of five Entrepreneurs in Residence supporting the White House and Department of Homeland Security 's efforts in growing the U.S. economy and creating American jobs.

As part of the integration to combine Softlayer with SmartCloud to provide a global platform , IBM have announced several new social business and mobile offerings for its 100+ software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) solution portfolio.

This also gets IBM added Devops exposure something that Softlayer practices , as well as a Openstack play , not to mention cloud , software defined , virtual , big data , little data , analytics and many other buzzword bingo terms.

The Partnership is also leveraging IBM Softlayer to manage data flows and automate irrigation recommendations , allowing farmers to determine how much water a specific crop needs at various stages of its life cycle.

" There is also a huge push to migrate existing on-premises workloads to the public cloud and support portability between on-premises and cloud environments , " Also this week , IBM announced that subscribers of its Softlayer enterprise cloud would have access to its Cloud Virtualized Server Recovery product.

The Partnership is also leveraging IBM Softlayer to manage data flows and automate irrigation recommendations , allowing farmers to determine how much water a specific crop needs at various stages of its life cycle.  " Our job is to help farmers conserve water.

“By simply moving its IT environment onto IBM SoftLayer cloud infrastructure , DataHotel eliminated the cost , complexity and logistical constraints that it otherwise would have faced in deploying a traditional IT environment to support its global expansion.” Earlier in 2014 , Softlayer landed game developer KUULUU and online game server provider Multiplay as clients.

With over $ 1.2 billion in new investment promised for Softlayer , it 's clear that IBM is going to take on Amazon , Google and every other vendor in the cloud services business at every level _ SaaS , PaaS and IaaS.

Servers and hard drives stand inside the International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas , U.S. Close View original story top stories

Users can also extract value from business content through the Softlayer - based IBM Navigator on Cloud , which is also available on the IBM Cloud marketplace.

The hosting partner at launch time is IBM 's Softlayer -- the same company offering a bare-metal version of hosted OpenStack-as-a-service by way of another major OpenStack player , Mirantis.

AWS and Rackspace compete with Microsoft ( MSFT ) , Google ( GOOG ) and IBM ( IBM ) , as well as privately held GoGrid and Softlayer.

This includes consulting services , pre-built assets from IBM Research , software , advanced analytics , ongoing support and cloud infrastructure delivered via Softlayer , an IBM company.

IBM Navigator on Cloud , now available on the IBM Cloud marketplace and built on Softlayer 's Cloud platform , will help users within and outside of the business gain value from this increasing surge of content.

Why is it Happening ? Saugatuck sees IBM's recent announcements as clear indication that IBM is investing heavily in Cloud , and in Softlayer as a platform , acknowledging the ever-decreasing profit in the traditional on-premises x86 server business versus the rapidly-increasing profit potential in Cloud-based offerings.

Here , developers were given the use of Retsly 's data feed to create a product in a competition setting with the winners eligible for up to $ 2,500 in cash , free hosting from IBM 's Softlayer division , a first look from angel investors , as well as other prizes.

More and more clients are turning to IBM Softlayer cloud offerings as they look to adopt cloud capabilities built on an open , secure comprehensive platform giving them the option to scale as the need for service grows.

APS Packaged IaaS offerings now available from IBM/Softlayer and Hostway ( News - Alert ) .

Send this story to a friend Feb 19 , 2014 , 5 : 44am CST AT&T and IBM partnering on big data service project Ben Torres Servers and hard drives stand inside pod one of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas , U.S. , on Thursday , Jan. 16 , 2014.

IBM and Novitex Enterprise Solutions announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's document outsourcing solutions.

( PRNewsFoto/IBM Corporation ) SEOUL , South Korea , Aug. 26 , 2014 PR Newswire 2014-08-26 The Rise of the Rest Road Tour Returns to Celebrate Entrepreneurship in the American Heartland WASHINGTON -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Today , Revolution , UP Global , Google for Entrepreneurs , Engine Advocacy and Startup Grind announced that they are teaming up for a second Business Wire 2014-08-27 Related Videos Add to Playlist Play 4 : 32 East Africa Lab Published : 06 Feb 2013 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 20 Davic 's Diner : Adventures in Food Level 3 : Middle East/African Food Lab-Sweet Potato Pie Published : 18 May 2014 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 34 East African Public Health Laboratory Network ( EAPHLN ) build National Tuberculosis Lab in Uganda Published : 10 Mar 2014 Add to Playlist Play 4 : 34 2010 Sundance Institute Theatre Lab on Manda - Sundance Institute East Africa Published : 31 Jul 2010 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 12 New 2014 east Africa Scholar Training Published : 23 Jul 2014 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 46 ThoughtWorks Training 2013 at m : lab Video Recap Published : 23 Jul 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 54 UCGHD2014_S_Sowinski : Building Translational Science Capacity in East Africa Published : 31 Mar 2014 Add to Playlist Play 75 : 58 " Understanding Ethnic Cooperating : Evidence From Experiments in East Africa " Published : 06 Dec 2013 Add to Playlist Play 5 : 23 HP Strathmore research lab Published : 05 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 54 YouTube Space Lab ( Biology Entry ) : Jumping Spiders Published : 09 Dec 2011 Add to Playlist Play 11 : 06 EID Lab Launch - Prof. Dr. Nicolas Lüscher 's Speech Published : 30 Sep 2011 Add to Playlist Play 5 : 39 EID Lab Launch - H.E. Jacques Pitteloud 's Speech Published : 28 Sep 2011 Add to Playlist Play 7 : 02 EID Lab Launch - Prof. Christian Borgemeister 's Speech Published : 30 Sep 2011 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 08 A Cow Can Change Everything ( East Africa Dairy Development Project ) Published : 16 Nov 2010 Add to Playlist Play 4 : 45 Rwanda Works with a Regional Lab Network to Prevent Epidemics Published : 19 Aug 2014 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 51 MEDIA LAB Proteges : Latest batch of NMG Trainee Journalists graduates Published : 26 Feb 2014 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 22 Minister of State for Health Dr. Elioda Tumwesigye Officiates at World Bank-funded TB Lab Published : 12 Mar 2014 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 40 Darran Clare , Zycko announces Riverbed IT Performance Lab from Zycko Published : 13 Sep 2012 Add to Playlist Play 6 : 33 John Kieti , m : lab on its Mobile Ventures Impact programme and Pivot East Published : 16 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 43 Career Courses Training - Appin Technology Lab Published : 31 Oct 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 05 IBM opens its 12th research lab & only one in Africa Published : 20 Nov 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 47 IBM research lab set to transform lives in Africa Published : 01 Nov 2013 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 14 Chemicals & Lab Wares by Mufaddal International , Mumbai Published : 19 Jan 2013 Add to Playlist Play 10 : 24 Lab-Matix 1930 / Africa Published : 28 Jan 2013 Add to Playlist Play 13 : 08 Social Good Summit 2012 Nairobi - Digital Entrepreneurs 1 Published : 29 Sep 2012 Add to Playlist Play 4 : 11 AfricaCom 2013 Interview with Marc Rennard , EVP - Africa , Middle East & Asia , Orange Group Published : 09 Dec 2013 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 31 Ongoing civil works at the site of the National TB Reference Lab being built by EAPHLN Published : 10 Mar 2014 Add to Playlist Play 6 : 25 TC ( Toocreative ) aka Baby East Gritty krump lab Published : 23 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 6 : 28 Nurturing innovative IT research in Africa : Part 3 Published : 25 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 5 : 26 Lab Expo Published : 21 May 2013 Popular News Stories Foetus found in woman 36 years after miscarriage Kashmir Observer Russia ' Directing Offensive In Ukraine 's East ' Orange News Russians Hacked Wall St. After Sanctions The Daily Beast Brain-Eating Amoeba In Towns ' Water System Skynews Chelsea Handler Gets Stark Naked In Front Of Ellen DeGeneres , Just To Say Goodbye The Inquisitr Syria conflict : UN says more than 3m have fled war BBC News Cristiano Ronaldo Named 2014 UEFA Best Player In Europe The Inquisitr Israel-Gaza conflict : No victory for Israel despite weeks of devastation The Times of India Russia 's Convoy Was No Trojan Horse WorldNews.com Like World News ? IBM Softlayer will now rent you bare metal servers by the hour A Summary : For some resource-intensive jobs , there’s no subsitute for bare metal.

Surprisingly , IBM’s NeXtScale press release and web pages hardly mention software of any kind , not even their new Softlayer products.

A look at tidy cabling within a SoftLayer facility ( source : IBM Softlayer ) by Jason Verge on August 12 , 2014 IBM opened a SoftLayer data center in Toronto , Canada.

They May Have Lost The CIA , But IBM Can Still Pick Up Some Lucrative Cloud Contracts Filed Under : Video • Video - World The big news in terms of customer stories for IBM 's Softlayer cloud over the past year has been the on-again , off-again , and now , seemingly , off forever battle with Amazon Web Services over the CIA private cloud contract.

“This is a transformational period for IBM,” former Softlayer CEO and current IBM cloud chief Lance Crosby said during a telephone interview.

In terms of what solutions will run on IBM Softlayer , SAP has verified both SAP Business Suite and SAP BusinessObjects to run on Big Blue’s shiny new cloud kit.

The cloud vendors are reacting to this-IBM , for instance , has promoted the many different locations where it offers its Softlayer data centers-but enterprises are clearly concerned and for good reason.

News Amazon Cuts Cloud Prices Again Reductions range from 37 % to 80 % as Amazon Web Services girds for fresh competition from IBM 's Softlayer , newcomer DigitalOcean.

Softlayer is assisting with making the IBM Request for Proposal ( RFP ) more efficient based on their deep expertise in this critical area.

I mention AWS and Rackspace to illustrate the growth potential for IBM and Softlayer to discuss the needs of both cloud services customers such as those who use AWS ( among other providers ) , as well as bare metal or hosting or dedicated servers such as with Rackspace among others.

IBM’s a big name and Softlayer a relatively established player so I wouldn’t count them out.

The university will move to a cloud-based collaboration portal based on IBM 's Softlayer platform.

Monday , August 25 , 2014 Last update : 6 : 33 AM FreshNews.com - All Company Technology News Since 1996 Inside & Beyond FreshNews.com Tweets by @ FreshNewsEditor Cirba Announces Support for Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer , Enabling Routing and Operational Control for Hybrid Cloud Submitted by admin on 8/25/2014 @ 5 : 00 AM Companies mentioned in this article : CiRBA Inc.

For example , Softlayer , the IaaS provider snapped up by IBM last year , has a pricing page where you can choose by single , dual and quad core .

Additionally , Softlayer in the hands of IBM could create a tougher competition for Rackspace.

IBM has spent billions of dollars building its cloud business globally with a number of acquisitions in the past three years that includes Trusteer , Softlayer , Keneax , DemandTec and Sterling Commerce , etc.

Leveraging acquisitions , CenturyLink and IBM show well Both have made some big acquisitions in the past year ( of Tier3 and Softlayer respectively ) .

IBM is working with big chip and module manufacturers on built-in support for IoT MQTT protocol and IBM IoT Cloud which is rolling out on IBM Softlayer cloud.

The company also said Elastic Storage will be available in the summer as a service on its IBM Softlayer platform , whether as a standalone public cloud service or a hybrid deployment.

It also works with IBM/Softlayer , iland , Cirracore and RapidScale.

IBM Softlayer is providing support and technical guidance to OpenNebula open-source project to add and maintain Softlayer in the list of officially supported public clouds.

The Loft Group was also attracted to IBM Softlayer because the technology provided the company 's customer support teams with the ability to use analytics to monitor and tune their networks in the cloud , providing more consistent and effective performance.  With the launch of the highly anticipated RECHARGE , KUULUU a game development studio in Switzerland , needed a high performance and scalable service to support the game.

In addition , by moving the infrastructure online the space taken by the original data centers will now be transformed into additional teaching space.  IBM will deliver the Exceptional Student Experience solution via the Softlayer platform , which will align with predictive analytics for student retention and social collaboration for richer curriculum delivery , all accessed through a personalized portal offering any-where , any-time , any-device access to on-demand learning.

JUST IN : Comcast buys Time Warner Cable for $ 45.2 billion : Is deal pro consumer , business ? IBM PartnerWorld : SoftLayer looks to simplify IT Summary : Softlayer CEO Lance Crosby presented a clear , persuasive view of the company , its products and his vision for the future.

Using an integrated solution that combines the deep distributor functionality from I.B.I.S. , Inc. delivered on the proven Microsoft Dynamics AX platform and wrapped with IBM software , services and Softlayer technology , you can : Gain end-to-end customer visibility from first contact through purchase and post-sales Scale easily with a flexible cloud-based infrastructure Reduce IT costs for a lower total cost of ownership Innovate more quickly with fewer hardware constraints Provide self-service access to business intelligence tools for better decision making Improve customer lifetime value with cost-to-serve analytics

Cirba will ship support for Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer in December 2014.

infoTECH News Cirba Announces Support for Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer , Enabling Routing and Operational Control for Hybrid Cloud SAN FRANCISCO -- ( Business Wire ) -- Cirba Inc. , the leading provider of software-defined infrastructure control solutions , today announced support for Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and IBM 's ( News - Alert ) Softlayer .

Thus , it looks like for the near term the Cisco cloud target is not as much AWS as the likes of an IBM who recently added Softlayer or an HP.

He most recently served in senior marketing and business development capacities at Softlayer Technologies , an IBM company.

MongoDB Debuts On Microsoft Azure , Google Compute Engine MongoDB fuels cloud demand with popular , public-cloud alternatives to Amazon Web Services , IBM Softlayer.

The offering includes consulting services , pre-built assets from IBM Research , software , advanced analytics , ongoing support and cloud infrastructure delivered via Softlayer , an IBM company.

IBM noted it will be deploying systems leveraging this OpenPOWER hardware and software stack in Softlayer later this year.

IBM will deliver the Exceptional Student Experience solution via the Softlayer platform , which will align with predictive analytics for student retention and social collaboration for richer curriculum delivery , all accessed through a personalized portal offering any-where , any-time , any-device access to on-demand learning.

Cirba Inc. , the leading provider of software-defined infrastructure control solutions , today announced support for Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and IBMs Softlayer.

But for the business to thrive , IBM will also need to create new Web services and convince the global technology firms that help large firms cobble their applications together to build their own applications on top of the Softlayer stack.

With special guests : Tom Ritter , CIO , Newark Group Robin Bennett , Director , Start Software Tom Simon , President at Web App Express Clive Swanepoel , CEO , ZebraHost , a Partner of IBM ( News - Alert ) /Softlayer   What : 

infoTECH Feature April 15 , 2014 IBM Enhances Softlayer Disaster Recovery Options Months after acquiring SoftLayer , IBM ( News - Alert ) is planning to deliver SoftLayer 's clients a new set of cloud-capabilities and services that accelerate cloud adoption by securing vital company assets and maintaining continuous businesses operations , even in the event of a disaster.

There are two major providers of this Infrastructure- as- a-Service technology right now ; IBM , with their Softlayer Bare Metal Services and and Internap , with their Bare-Metal Cloud.

GSP is an IBM Business Partner , hosting its application on IBM 's Softlayer secure global cloud infrastructure.

IBM , for example , recently added document management capabilities to its Softlayer solution by signing Novitex Enterprise Solutions .

IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

But is it smart strategy -- on either side -- to chase the lowest cost ? Slow but steady Vendors like RackSpace and Softlayer ( IBM ) have largely decided not to compete on price but rather to build their businesses based on value.

Wimbledon Social Command Centre : Powered by IBM Softlayer cloud technology , the new Social Command Centre at The Championships 2014 will boost the fans’ experiences on digital platforms by helping the Wimbledon content team to understand their needs and allow them to respond to them in real-time.

The partnership also is offering farmers the use of IBM Softlayer to manage their field and weather data and automate irrigation recommendations.

In addition to its use on AWS , MongoDB is available as a cloud service on IBM Softlayer and through database-as-a-service providers MongoLab and MongoHQ , among others.

Keynote speakers include : Geoffrey Moore , author of “Crossing the Chasm : Marketing and Selling Disruptive Products to Mainstream Customers” Lance Crosby , president and CEO of Softlayer , an IBM company based in Dallas that provides on-demand IT infrastructure , servers and cloud resources.

It will also eventually support IBM Softlayer and Microsoft Azure.

IBM Navigator on Cloud , now available on the IBM Cloud marketplace and built on Softlayer 's Cloud platform , will help all users within and outside of the business gain value from this ever increasing deluge of content.

IBMnoted it will be deploying systems leveraging this OpenPOWER hardware and software stack in Softlayer later this year.

Robin Bennett , Director , Start Software Tom Simon , President at Web App Express Clive Swanepoel , CEO , ZebraHost , a Partner of IBM/Softlayer   What : 

-- ( Business Wire ) -- IBM ( News - Alert ) ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

With sound partnerships of world leader companies Like Microsoft , McAfee , Google , Softlayer IBM , ALT-N etc. they provide a truly tailor made services for each customer.

The Lifesize Cloud works over the public Internet and leverages the IBM Softlayer Cloud at the back end.

Other recent partnerships IBM has touted include Coca-Cola Amatil Coca-Cola Amatil for its cloud enterprise infrastructure and Novitex , which is a client for IBM Softlayer.

Computers IBM 's ' Smarter Planet ' Needs a Tutor Photograph by Ben Torres/Bloomberg Pod one of IBM 's Softlayer data center in Dallas on Jan. 16 Samuel Palmisano sure knows how to make an exit.

Home Managed Services Managed Services : 7 Blogs MSPmentor Did n't Write , March 28 Managed Services : 7 Blogs MSPmentor Did n't Write , March 28 Mar 28 , 2014 Joe Panettieri | MSPmentor This week 's managed services provider ( MSP ) news and rumors involved Cisco interCloud , Internet of Things ( IoT ) , CompTIA Annual Member Meeting ( AMM ) , IBM Softlayer , ConnectWise and more.

IBM and Softlayer can help these companies bridge that gap and make the transition successfully.

Canonical will build a cloud for you either within your data center / premises or hosted by IBM 's Softlayer.

IBM is also committed to Softlayer virtualisation , of course , on which BlueMix runs , which is n't built on OpenStack ( yet , anyway ) .

His company reached out to me after reading my comments about IBM Softlayer 's plans to allow customers to move very large files from place to place in the post , IBM PartnerWorld : SoftLayer looks to simplify IT .

IBM Softlayer may have also played a role.

JUST IN : Microsoft patches 28 vulnerabilities , including zero-day IBM adds social ' learning ' component to cloud portfolio Summary : IBM reiterated that Softlayer is the foundation of its cloud portfolio , but the tech giant is also weaving together other acquisitions for both SaaS and hybrid cloud offerings.

Mr. Staten said Digital Realty “builds and stands up data centers faster than anyone else… They’ve figured out a Dell-like model to building data centers.” He also said senior IBM management has put out the word that Softlayer and its executives should take the lead in bringing IBM’s newly invigorated cloud strategy to market.

IBM is also only going to accept vendors who can run their products on Softlayer – this quickly closes the door on the myriad of third party SaaS products that run on AWS or other infrastructure platforms – while understandable from a “we want to support our own platform” perspective , this move alone could spell the death knell for the marketplace , at least as far as Independent Software Vendors ( ISVs ) are concerned.

The Ubuntu Linux maker 's BootStack offering can be on-premise , or it can be hosted via a partnership with IBM Softlayer By Serdar Yegulalp | InfoWorld Follow @ syegulalp Canonical 's got a new stack -- a managed version of OpenStack , that is , with plans for on-premise and remotely-hosted incarnations.

It also integrated OpenStack with Softlayer for bare-metal provisioning at IBM and trained Red Hat 's global field staff on the OpenStack technology.

As Ron Miller highlights in TechCrunch : " Over the last several years , IBM has been putting together a portfolio of cloud services from Softlayer for infrastructure , BlueMix for development and more than 100 cloud-based software services including recent purchases of Silverpop and Cloudant.

-- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

In the public cloud arena , Amazon AWS was reported as the infrastructure being used the most , garnering 24 percent of responses , followed by Google Compute Engine ( GCE ) at 16 percent , Microsoft Azure at 8 percent , Rackspace at 6 percent and IBM Softlayer at 4 percent.

The hosting partner at launch time is IBM 's Softlayer -- the same company also offering a bare-metal version of hosted OpenStack-as-a-service by way of another major OpenStack player , Mirantis.

Last week , IBM said would spend $ 1.2 billion to build out 15 new data centers worldwide to support its Softlayer-centered cloud strategy , which includes taking on Amazon Web Services , as well as traditional IT rivals like HP and Microsoft.

Softlayer is an IBM company that provides IaaS.

The Advisory Board is composed of the following members : -- Tim Sanders - New York Times bestselling author , public speaker , and former Chief Solutions Officer at Yahoo ! -- Pavan Tapadia - Chief Product Ofïcer at Yammer Inc. -- William Tincup - Leading voice & thought-leader on social media application for HR/Recruiting -- Amol Sarva - Cofounder of Knotable , Halo Neuroscience , Peek and Virgin Mobile US ; Ph.D in cognitive science from Stanford -- Josh Krammes - VP , Community Development at Softlayer/IBM and TechStars advisor -- Russ Selinger - Chief Human Resources Officer at Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies -- Tim Jellison - Software and tech consultant , previously Managing Director at Accenture -- Anton Derlyatka - Founder and managing partner of Talent Equity Ventures ; senior partner and board member at Ward Howell " The HR industry is going through enormous change as workplace cultural fit becomes more important for both job seekers and hiring managers , " said William Tincup.

Swift , Object Storage Standard While Amazon , Google , and Microsoft run very large storage clouds , each using its own proprietary technologies , other big names at the top of the list , such as HP Cloud , IBM Softlayer , Internap and Rackspace all run Swift. Rackspace has more than 85PB of raw disk deployed in 6 data centers , with sustained throughput to a single cluster of 60Gb/s.

Hear from keynotes such as : Geoffrey Moore , Author of Crossing the Chasm Lance Crosby , President and CEO of Softlayer , an IBM company Frank Gens , IDC Senior Vice President and Chief Analyst Adam Swidler , Global Head , Google Apps Solution Strategy On January 31st , conference attendees will have access to Insight 's private networking tent at the premier PGA golf event : the Waste Management Phoenix Open.

Who is Softlayer , why is IBM interested in them ? Softlayer provide software and services to support both SMB , SME and other environments with bare metal ( think traditional hosted servers ) , along with multi-tenant ( shared ) cloud virtual public and private cloud service offerings.

At IBM 's analyst day , we expect the company to highlight potential growth areas , including discussions on newer initiatives such as Watson/Cognitive Computing , its recent public cloud acquisition Softlayer , and its new Platform-as-a-Service offering BlueMix.

This dovetails in neatly with IBM’s billion dollar investment in new datacenter facilities , including those supporting bare-metal cloud services via their Softlayer unit , of which IBM has announced two new datacenters to be built in Australia , just this week.

At the same time , it is anticipated that customers running SAP applications on SoftLayer will be able to achieve the following : Reduced support costs Speed up development and test instantly with no capital outlay required Deployment of hybrid cloud solutions on Softlayer and Cloud Managed Services Development and testing of SAP HANA using SAP HANA One with click thru license capabilities " Delivering SAP applications via the IBM cloud provides customers the choice they desire to respond in real time to changing industry dynamics that impact their business , " said Robert Enslin , president of Global Customer Operations and a member of the Executive Board and the Global Managing Board , SAP AG.

In fact IBM is saying that they will fully double the Softlayer capacity that is available to customers.

Barb Darrow and I discussed reactions to the news and what it means for other top-tier cloud providers such as IBM Softlayer , Microsoft and Rackspace.

Eventually , those identity management services will be exposed both through the IBM Softlayer cloud and the IBM MADP platform that currently provides mobile application management capabilities delivered via the Fiberlink Communications arm of IBM.

He also added that whenever the demand for a given nation reached between four and five thousand servers , Softlayer and IBM will consider building a data center in-country.

In related good news for IBM , the company was also able to announce that Softlayer has been verified for deployments of SAP applications.

IBM can tether Softlayer to its infrastructure stack.

Here is a partial list of other suppliers in no particular order : Amazon , Google , IBM Softlayer , RackSpace , Teneros , Zerto , Blue Central Netmagic , Latisys , Microsoft , Twinstrata , eGenera , BlueLock , Windstream , Symantic , and Databarracks.

It certainly does n't change the perception of what I 'd call Tier 1 providers ( Google , IBM/Softlayer , Amazon , AT&T , Rackspace , HP , Microsoft , etc ) , but it can make users think twice about storing data at a smaller provider.

Key new functionality of RMM 3.0 includes : Cloning of production servers _ enabling full replication of the operating system , applications and data from production servers into cloud recovery instances ; Incremental synchronization _ changes in the operating system , applications and data are all synchronized to the recovery instances as the production instances change , with only differences transmitted , saving bandwidth and resources ; Cloud-to-Cloud _ production and recovery instances span heterogeneous cloud infrastructure or remain in the same infrastructure , across Amazon , RackSpace , CenturyLink , VMware , IBM Softlayer , and OpenStack , among others ; Physical-to-Cloud _ physical production servers in traditional data centers can be protected by cloned instances into any cloud ; Failover _ should an outage occur on the production system , the recovery instance is fully synchronized and automatically takes over workload processing ; Failback _ once the production server is restored , the recovery instance synchronizes all changes that took place during the outage back to the production server for normalized operations ; Complete protection _ Recovery Time Objective ( RTO ) and Recovery Point Objectives ( RPO ) exceed expectations by expanding the scope of disaster recovery to include workloads that are normally under-protected.

PRODUCT/SERVICE LAUNCHES II-27 TryStack and Centec Networks Launch OPEN Cloud Solution II-27 TP Vision Introduces Cloud-Based Services for Philips Smart TV Platform II-27 Colt Introduces Colt Cloud Storage II-27 ProviDyn Introduces ProviDyn Sync II-27 Gladinet Rolls Out Gladinet Cloud Enterprise II-27 Telefónica and CTERA Networks Collaborate to Unveil Disco Virtual en Red II-27 Barracuda Networks Launches Copy™ Cloud-based File Storage and Sharing Platform II-27 Logmein Unveils Cubby Cloud-based Storage II-27 Parallels IP Holdings Unveils APS 2.0 and Parallels Cloud Storage II-27 CloudByte Unveils ElastiStor 1.1 Datacenter Storage Solution II-27 SFR Business Unveils SuiteStockage Cloud Service II-27 Seagate Launches Seagate® Terascale™ HDD and Seagate® Enterprise Performance 10K HDD v7 II-27 Caringo Introduces CloudScaler 2.0 Software II-27 Carbonite Introduces Enhanced Server Backup Solution II-27 Hitachi Data Systems Introduces Improvements to 3 IT Infrastructure Solutions II-27 CTERA Networks Launches Cloud Storage Platform Version 4.0 II-27 Red Hat Launches Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform and Cloud Infrastructure II-27 IBM Introduces Big Data and Cloud Upgrades across Systems Portfolio II-27 Veeam® Launches New Cloud Backup Management Suite™ II-27 AT&T Launches Mobile Workplace II-27 Yandex Unveils New Music Player for Android II-27 TwinStrata Unveils CloudArray® DRaaS II-27 Caringo Announces Support for Citrix CloudPortal™ Business Manager 2.0 II-27 VMware Launches VMware vCloud® Hybrid Service™ II-27 Zetta.net Introduces Sophisticated Multi-Tenant MSP Management Console II-27 Zmanda Releases Amanda Enterprise 3.3 and ZRM for MySQL 3.5 II-27 MOOS Project Viewer Team Releases Version 2.9 II-27 Mezeo Extends Mezeo Cloud Storage Platform II-27 Rackspace Introduces OpenCenter™ II-28 Orange Selects CTERA Solution for New Storage Service II-28 Veeam Releases Veeam Backup Cloud Edition II-28 ZETTA.NET Introduces Zetta.net DataProtect II-28 Carbonite Unveils Carbonite Currents II-28 Egnyte Releases EgnytePlus Hybrid Cloud Storage Platform II-28 Verizon Communications Unveils New Cloud-based Storage Services Portfolio II-28 Toshiba 's Digital Products Division Enters Cloud Storage Space Introduces Canvio® Personal Cloud II-28 Acronis Unveils New Version of True Image 2013 II-28 Nirvanix , and TwinStrata Launch Nirvanix-CloudArray Cloud Storage Starter Kit II-28 Webair Launches EMC Isilon X-Series II-28 GTS Introduces GTS Backup and GTS Data Storage II-28 SugarSync and Lenovo Introduce Lenovo Cloud Storage II-28 Bitdefender Launches Safebox II-28 Swisscom IT Services to Launch New Line of Cloud-based File Collaboration and Data Protection Services II-28 SpiderOak to Offer Documentation and Source Code of Nimbus.iO to Developers II-28 Symantec Launches Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition 2013 II-28 Riverbed Unveils Whitewater Model 3010 Appliance II-28 Rackspace Adds Critical Application Services to Open Cloud II-28 SoftLayer Unveils Softlayer Object Storage II-28 Pogo Storage Partners with LSI® and OS NEXUS to Unveil PogoStor™ II-28 STRATO Introduces HiDrive Free II-28 Bezeq and CTERA Collaborate to Launch Bezeq Remote Backup II-28 Eye-Fi to Launch Circ and Circ Plus II-28 TwinStrata Launches Upgraded Version of CloudArray 4.0 II-28 QNAP Introduces TS-x79 Series II-28 Novell Launches Novell Dynamic File Services II-28 RAX to Launch OpenStack-Based Cloud Block Storage II-28 Savvis Rolls out Savvis Symphony CloudStorage Technology II-29 Interush Unveils PHYTTER® DOCK Application II-29 MyCorporation Unveils MyCorpVault II-29 Scenios Rolls out Free Cloud Solution II-29 Maxis Unveils Loker II-29 DRFortress Unveils DRFcloud in Collaboration with Appcore II-29 Debriefing Software Introduces Wizard Storage Portal® II-29 Rackspace Improves Service Portfolio II-29 IBM Launches New Power Systems , Mainframe and Storage Technologies II-29 EMC Launches EMC® Storage Resource Management II-29 Red Hat to Launch New Portfolio of Open Hybrid Cloud Solutions II-29 Caringo Rolls out Three New Cloud Storage Software Products II-29 SoftLayer Unveils New Private Clouds Solution II-29 Caringo Launches VMS Editions of CAStor® and CFS II-29 Yandex Unveils Beta Edition of Yandex.Disk II-29 CTERA Launches CTERA Mobile for Android and Apple iOS II-29 StorSimple Launches New Solutions for Cloud-Based Enterprise- Grade Storage Products II-29 TwinStrata Unveils Storage Gateway for Google 's Cloud Storage Clients II-29 Symantec Launches Symantec O3 Cloud Identity and Access Control , a Powerful Protection Solution for the Cloud II-29 Caringo Unveils the Caringo Object Storage Platform Version 5.5 II-29 TwinStrata Launches TwinStrata CloudArray for HP Cloud Services II-29 FUJIFILM Recording Media and FUJIFILM Medical Systems Enter into Joint Venture II-29 SolidFire Launches SF6010 II-29 NEC Introduces Cloud-based Storage Solution II-29 Drobo Introduces Drobo-AWS Hybrid Cloud Storage Solution II-29 D-Link Introduces Mydlink Cloud Networking Solution II-29 Amazon Unveils High Storage Instances Family II-29 EMC Expands Atmos® Portfolio with New Cloud Storage Enhancements II-29 HP Adds Enhancements to the HP Cloud Services Collection II-29 Bridgestor Launches Crunch™ Appliance for Deduplication of Virtual Machine Images to the Cloud or Tape II-29

BlueMix will use IBM 's global network of 40 data centers , which the company is still building out on top of the Softlayer cloud.

" Rackspace , Softlayer and IBM - have huge market share , but do n't have what you need in financial services….

IBM has indicated that it will leverage its existing Systems Technology Group ( STG ) portfolio of servers and storage extending the capabilities of Softlayer.

Some more information about Softlayer includes : Privately held IaaS firm founded in 2005 Estimated revenue run rate of around $ 400 million with 21,000 customers Mix of SMB , SME and Web-based or born in the cloud customers Over 100,000 devices under management Provides a common modularized management framework set of tools Mix of customers from Web startups to global enterprise Presence in 13 data centers across the US , Asia and Europe Automation , interoperability , large number of API access and supported Flexibility , control and agility for physical ( bare metal ) and cloud or virtual Public , private and data center to data center Designed for scale , durability and resiliency without complexity Part of OpenStack ecosystem both leveraging and supporting it Can be white or private labeled for use as a service by VARs CIO , CTO & Developer Resources What IBM is planning for Softlayer Softlayer will report into IBM Global Technology Services ( GTS ) complimenting existing capabilities which includes ten cloud computing centers on five continents.

WRAL Tech Wire Inside an IBM data center Workings servers stand inside pod one of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas , U.S. , on Thursday , Jan. 16 , 2014.

Will enable Softlayer to be leveraged on a larger , broader basis by IBM Gives IBM increased access to SMB , SME and web customers than in the past Software and development to stay part of Softlayer Provides IBM an extra jumpstart play for supporting and leveraging OpenStack Compatible and supports Cloustack and Citrix who are also IBM partners Also compatible and supports VMware who is also an IBM partner Some other thoughts and perspectives This is a good and big move for IBM to add value and leverage their current portfolios of both services , as well as products and technologies.

Now , with support for AWS and IBM Softlayer , the Reservation Console enables broader and more complex hosting decisions.

OpenStack vendor Mirantis partners with IBM 's Softlayer subsidiary on the Mirantis OpenStack Express pay-as-you-go service By Serdar Yegulalp | InfoWorld Follow @ syegulalp OpenStack , the build-your-own-cloud software adopted as a flagship product by Red Hat , Canonical , and others , has long been seen as difficult to set up and manage.

First IBM and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

Alongside this announcement , IBM and Virtustream are working together to bring an additional option for managing environments running SAP solutions on the Softlayer platform.

VoltDB Speeds Up Applications With IBM Cloud on Softlayer Aug 12 , 2014

SAN FRANCISCO -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Cirba Inc. , the leading provider of software-defined infrastructure control solutions , today announced support for Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and IBM 's Softlayer .

Names like Microsoft ( with Azure ) , Google ( with it’s Cloud Platform ) and IBM ( with Softlayer ) are not to be taken lightly.

Softlayer has 13 data centers in the US , Europe and Asia that will become the foundation for a new IBM Cloud Service division , which , along with IBM's SmartCloud Franchise , will allow the company to begin to challenge Amazon's dominance in providing cloud services.

" At Aspera , for example , we leverage the wide variety of cloud storage out there such as AWS S3 , Google Cloud , Windows Azure , IBM Softlayer and many others. " 

VMware , IBM Softlayer and all of the others are hoping that those using their technology as the foundation of their cloud computing infrastructure will take the short-cut of just selecting their DR service.

Whirlpool , the world 's leading manufacturer and marketer of major home appliances , is taking advantage of IBM Cloud , including Softlayer , to transition from an on-premise environment to a globally integrated hybrid cloud model to drive ecommerce sales , streamline orders , reduce costs , improve flexibility and speed processing time.

The Partnership is also using IBM Softlayer to manage data flows and automate irrigation recommendations , allowing farmers to determine how much water a specific crop needs at various stages of its life cycle.

This is a break from IBM’s traditional sales channel approach to market their growing portfolio of cloud services including Softlayer for infrastructure , BlueMix for development and more than 100 cloud-based software services including recent purchases of Silverpop and Cloudant.

SiteMinis chose Softlayer , an IBM company , to better serve its customers , improving speed to market for mobile sites from weeks to minutes , improving command and control through administrative process , and reducing overall costs of mobile Web site deployment.

Participants in the program will also be enrolled in IBM 's Softlayer Catalyst program , with $ 24,000 worth of free access to the IBM cloud , said Pearl.

With Bluemix , Softlayer , and more than 100 SaaS applications , IBM has all the ingredients for a marketplace , " Holger Mueller , vice president and principal analyst at Constellation Research , says.

IBM is offering its customers free migration to Softlayer , and Mr. Crosby said most customers have already moved their workloads to the Softlayer technology.

In response to this rising demand , the company announced on July 1 that it was offering its IBM Navigator on its cloud marketplace and delivering the service via Softlayer 's cloud platform.

To date , confirmed partners and sponsors include Amazon Web Services , the Consumer Electronics Association , GP Bullhound , Racepoint Global , Rackspace , Samsung , Silicon Valley Bank , Softlayer ( a division of IBM ) , Treasure Data Inc. and YouNoodle.

Independent software vendors will have access to IBM Cloud to develop and test information technology systems and IBM will mentor software developers on transporting their works to Softlayer and Bluemix platforms , IBM said Tuesday .

With customers like Snapchat , Cooladata , Mendelics , Evite and Wix already building on the Compute Engine platform and many others joining the Cloud Platform Partner Program , many expect that Google will be stiff competition for the other major public cloud services : Amazon Web Services , Microsoft 's Azure and IBM 's Softlayer.

“‘Do it yourself’ open source Redis setups that are installed on virtual servers or bare metal resources work great when they’re small or if you have expert resources who can attend to and manage your Redis datasets , but developers who take this approach often encounter daunting challenges with negotiating scaling barriers , ensuring the availability of Redis processes , effectively persisting the volatile data that’s stored in RAM , and really understanding how to deploy Redis and Softlayer’s resources to achieve optimal results for each specific use case,” Itamar Haber , Vice President of Developer Advocacy at Garantia Data said in a blog post on IBM’s cloud blog.

IBM is offering its customers free migration to Softlayer , and Crosby reportedly said most customers have already moved their workloads to the Softlayer technology.

IBM expects that it will use the assets from its recent purchase of IaaS ( infrastructure-as-a-service ) provider Softlayer , which it plans to use in its Smart Cloud for Government hosted service.

Elastic Storage is set to be available to IBM customers later this year as an IBM Softlayer cloud service.

ARMONK , N.Y. and STAMFORD , Conn. - 14 Apr 2014 : IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

Jump to Navigation Featured Company Featured Company Featured Company Featured Company Cirba Announces Support for Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer , Enabling Routing and Operational Control for Hybrid Cloud Business Wire Monday , August 25th 2014 Cirba Inc. , the leading provider of software-defined infrastructure control solutions , today announced support for Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and IBM’s Softlayer .

Covering Unified Communications - From Our Indsutry Experts Cirba Announces Support for Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer , Enabling Routing and Operational Control for Hybrid Cloud SAN FRANCISCO -- ( Business Wire ) -- Cirba Inc. , the leading provider of software-defined infrastructure control solutions , today announced support for Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and IBM 's ( News - Alert ) Softlayer .

At the time I was told by some well-informed sources that IBM would rapidly move all the different SmartCloud brands over to Softlayer.

X Bloomberg News IBM Sales Fall for 8th Quarter , Pressuring Rometty’s Goal ( 1 ) By Alex Barinka April 16 , 2014 Public , private , and management data wires lead to servers on one of the cloud racks inside pod two of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas.

IBM recently adopted xStream software to power SAP and SAP HANA environments on its Softlayer cloud.

In addition , the venture was accepted into IBM 's Softlayer Incubator , which is providing mentoring in software engineering and business-related services.

Congratulations to both IBM and the Softlayer folks , now lets see some execution to watch how this unfolds.

In the public cloud arena , Amazon AWS was reported as the infrastructure being used the most , garnering 24 percent of responses , followed by Google Compute Engine at 16 percent , Microsoft Azure at 8 percent , Rackspace at 6 percent and IBM Softlayer at 4 percent.

This week the U.S. National Archives declared it would upload all its holdings to Wikimedia Commons , and in Europe IBM 's partner Softlayer announced a 15,000 server farm for London to match its center in Amsterdam.

Moreover , we believe that Softlayer will complement IBM’s SmartCloud division , which offers enterprise-grade security and reliability with its public cloud services.

One of the offering IBM Navigator on Cloud , now available on the IBM Cloud marketplace and built on Softlayer’s Cloud platform , will help all users within and outside of the business gain value from this ever increasing deluge of content.

' We believe the rise of the cloud really hurts growth in IBM's Software division but also impacts consulting and other services revenue tied to integrating its software stack as well.â It should be noted that IBM is not ignoring cloud computing : in July , it completed a sale of Softlayer , one of the largest providers of cloud-computing infrastructure , and just last month , the company opened an $ 8 million cloud-computing center in Barcelona in order to better provide cloud services to clients worldwide.

The company partners with such household names as Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard , Cisco Systems , Box , IBM Softlayer , Dell Software , AT&T and many others.

On the call CEO Larry Ellison talked about an up-and-coming cloud infrastructure business that will compete with Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer.

Cirba will ship support for Amazon Web Services ( News - Alert ) and IBM Softlayer in December 2014.

http : //photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20090416/IBMLOGO SiteMinis chose Softlayer , an IBM company , to better serve its customers , improving speed to market for mobile sites from weeks to minutes , improving command and control through administrative process , and reducing overall costs of mobile Web site deployment.

advertising Cloud computing still has a mainframe lining PUBLISHED : MINUTES AGO | UPDATE : MINUTES AGO PUBLISHED : 17 Feb 2014 PRINT EDITION : 18 Feb 2014 Servers and hard drives at IBM’s Softlayer data centre in Dallas , Texas.   Photo :  Bloomberg Trevor Clarke For all intents and purposes the Australian cloud computing market appears to be thriving.

MS Azure , IBM Softlayer and other cloud service experience required

Addition of more than 50 cloud regions including Google Compute Engine , Tier 3 ( CenturyLink Cloud ) and expansions of coverage for Rackspace , AWS and Softlayer ( IBM ) Addition of a new Dynamic Site Acceleration benchmark for comparison of personalized/dynamic application delivery , which is not suited to traditional static-file CDNs Updated free benchmark reports on the Cedexis.com website , with new visibility for performance by quartiles and median.

Carvalho added that Softlayer is a " good public play " by IBM but it lacks maturity in capabilities.

Cloud-to-Cloud - production and recovery instances span heterogeneous cloud infrastructure or remain in the same infrastructure , across Amazon , RackSpace , CenturyLink , VMware , IBM Softlayer , and OpenStack , among others ; 

First , IBM was dropped from the list , since the pricing information for its public cloud offering is no longer available online ( they 've shifted the focus onto Softlayer ) .

IBM will deliver the Exceptional Student Experience solution via the Softlayer platform , which will align with predictive analytics for student retention and social collaboration for richer curriculum delivery , all accessed through a personalised portal offering any-where , any-time , any-device access to on-demand learning.

" IBM can confirm that clients using its public cloud platform will be transitioned to the Softlayer ( an IBM company ) public cloud platform , providing clients with a higher performing public cloud solution with advanced functionality , " IBM said through a public relations spokesman.

_ Â Lance Crosby , President and CEO of Softlayer , an IBM company

-- Steve Garrou , vice president , global solutions management Softlayer , an IBM company - " Through our partnership with Cloudera , we 're giving enterprises the performance and flexibility to tackle the toughest workloads on the cloud in a way that works best for them.

News : IBM Begins Integration of its Cloud Portfolio With Softlayer More : Microsoft Azure Gaining Ground on Amazon Web Services , Too IBM also points out that its solution is far more reliable , thanks to a $ 6 billion R&D investment and 1,400 patents , including a solution to the " noisy neighbor " problem that occurs when companies share cloud resources.

He most recently served in senior marketing and business development capacities at Softlayer Technologies ( an IBM Company ) .

" We are thrilled that Mirantis chose IBM Softlayer as their critical infrastructure partner.

CIO , CTO & Developer Resources C12G Labs has started a collaboration with IBM in order to develop a new hybrid plugin for the  Softlayer cloud .

IBM Softlayer is doing some interesting things , especially around Watson as a service , and should be a strong revenue source for Big Blue.

Another development on the seemingly never-ending mission of IBM to build credibility for its Softlayer cloud platform.

In addition , the venture was accepted into IBM’s Softlayer Incubator , which is providing mentoring in software engineering and business-related services.

Now it has to guard against Softlayer brain drain and the IBM-ification of SoftLayer going forward.

" If the client wants to move to a cloud-based delivery model , they can have it with Softlayer and IBM ( News - Alert ) , " explained Jason Mosakowski , who heads IBM 's India software division.

Christine Wahart Published : 27 Jun 2013 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 55 IBM et SoftLayer vous offrent l 'infrastructure optimale pour vos solutions développement-opérations Published : 16 Jan 2014 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 27 IBM Smarter Data Centre unveiled September 21 , 2012 Published : 21 Sep 2012 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 24 IBM Data Center Launch - & some ideas Published : 08 Jun 2011 Add to Playlist Play 3 : 06 Flagship Solutions et SoftLayer soutiennent un laboratoire en nuage unique Published : 20 Mar 2014 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 20 SilverSky et SoftLayer offrent des services d 'hébergement de messagerie et de sécurité Published : 19 Mar 2014 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 57 Servidores de NetAndino Ref. Servidores 02 , 04 , 05 , 10 en Data Center The Planet ( actual Softlayer ) Published : 01 Feb 2011 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 02 Data Centers Canada - Toronto North Facility Published : 09 Feb 2011 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 43 Toronto Data Center by Data Centers Canada Published : 13 Dec 2009 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 56 Smarter Data Center Services Published : 04 Nov 2011 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 02 Flexibility & Data Centers - The Value of Data Center Services Published : 04 Nov 2011 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 22 Server Colocation by Data Centers Canada Published : 27 May 2011 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 39 Bell Data Centre - expanding across Canada Published : 17 Aug 2011 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 53 Inertech : 1.15 PUE - Redefining modular data center technology for the highest efficiency Published : 08 Nov 2013 Popular News Stories ISIS , Hip-Hop Jihadists and the Man Who Killed James Foley The Daily Beast Hundreds dead as Islamic State seizes Syrian air base The Times of India Boko Haram declares ' Islamic state ' in northern Nigeria BBC News Russia 's Convoy Was No Trojan Horse WorldNews.com Do Harm , Look the Other Way : The New Hippocratic Oath ? WorldNews.com Is the Pentagon preparing to launch air strikes against ISIS in Syria ? The Times of India Libya crisis : US ' caught off-guard ' by air strikes BBC News Breaking Bad And Sherlock Dominate At The Emmy Awards Cinema Blend China Wants To Replace Microsoft , Apple , And Android Software By October Business Insider Like World News ? Dell Unveils Powerful New Solutions at VMworld ; Designed to Optimize Virtual Infrastructure , Applications and Management SAN FRANCISCO -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Today at VMworld 2014 , Dell unveiled a broad range of innovative solutions across its enterprise portfolio that optimize and simplify management and productivity within customers’ VMware virtualization environments.

About IBM Softlayer

To find out more about the benefits of virtualized server recovery managed service visit the IBM Smarter Planet blog or watch the video at http : //bit.ly/OQ4Uhf .  In addition to bringing these new services to SoftLayer customers , IBM and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

noodls SMS this page Email this page Latest News Electrix NZ to Deploy ClickSoftware 's Cloud Offering to Provide Exceptional Service through Mobilized Field Operations Cloud deployment expected to quickly bring customer service and operational value BURLINGTON , Massachusetts , August 26 , 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Electrix NZ , a leading provider of engineering , construction and maintenance services , is growing their business PR Newswire 2014-08-26 VMware Unifies Mobile , Desktop and Content Management With VMware Workspace Suite ( VMware Inc ) ( Source : VMware Inc ) New Integrated Platform Combines AirWatch Mobile and Content Management With VMware Horizon to Deliver Unified End-User Experience and Comprehensive noodls 2014-08-26 Emulex Revolutionizes Bare Metal Provisioning for Hyperscale Data Centers with New OpenWorks Connector SAN FRANCISCO & COSTA MESA , Calif. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- VMWORLD – Emulex Corporation ( NYSE : ELX ) , a leader in network connectivity , monitoring and management , today Business Wire 2014-08-25 Cirba Announces Support for Amazon Web Services and IBM Softlayer , Enabling Routing and Operational Control for Hybrid Cloud SAN FRANCISCO -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Cirba Inc. , the leading provider of software-defined infrastructure control solutions , today announced support for Amazon Web Services Business Wire 2014-08-25 Related Videos Add to Playlist Play 1 : 34 Water Utility Asset Management Published : 09 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 49 Highlights of Promapp Release 4.2.6 Published : 29 Apr 2014 Add to Playlist Play 9 : 47 ClickSoftware ClickMobile Studio Introduction Published : 04 Nov 2011 Add to Playlist Play 3 : 35 Kevin Benedict Interviews ClickSoftware 's Uri Pintov Published : 20 Jul 2011 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 22 Anglian Water Heather Wilson Published : 20 Aug 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 58 National Grid Peter Graham and Simon Eves Published : 20 Aug 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 54 Kevin Benedict Interviews Electrix 's Jeff Morgan Published : 20 Jul 2011 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 48 InfraStruxure for Small IT Spaces at Schneider Electric Published : 06 Mar 2013 Add to Playlist Play 11 : 25 Source Gas Consumer Conversion/Installation Video Published : 13 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 03 See how the OenoFoss™ works - Instant quality control made easy Published : 28 Jun 2010 Add to Playlist Play 4 : 35 1 Tap Lead Automation Software review - CHECK THIS ! - 1 Tap Lead Automation Software SCAM ? ? Published : 06 Mar 2013 Add to Playlist Play 38 : 52 2013-02-28 12.16 Which PLC does your company like to use Published : 28 Feb 2013 Add to Playlist Play 10 : 00 Schedulazione 4 Published : 01 May 2007 Add to Playlist Play 6 : 27 Kevin Benedict Interviews Philips ' Divya Mahajan on Mobility Published : 10 May 2011 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 28 ESSEX FIRE DEPT OUT RIDERS J 'S RIDE 27 04 2014 Published : 27 Apr 2014 Add to Playlist Play 0 : 46 Business Apps - Make your work easier | Salesforce AppExchange Published : 11 Oct 2012 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 54 Meet the InteropNet Team : Sally Toner Published : 02 May 2013 Add to Playlist Play 3 : 44 MurGee Virus Scan Published : 06 Nov 2011 Add to Playlist Play 3 : 12 Meet the InteropNet Team - Paul Goodison Published : 14 Feb 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 02 SmarTrend The Week Ahead : May 10 , 2010 Published : 07 May 2010 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 46 Futureproof Your Design with PSoC Components Published : 03 Dec 2013 Add to Playlist Play 5 : 43 GravographM20 Computer engraving machine cutting Stainless Steel chewbarka.com Published : 03 Jun 2010 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 52 Milling & Faceting Combined Double Head For Jewely Bangle Ring Chain Eartops Ball Beeds Published : 04 Jul 2014 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 29 Gravograph M20Pix Photo Engraving ( caption ) Published : 20 Jan 2012 Add to Playlist Play 5 : 20 S4 League Auto Click Kullanımı Published : 12 Aug 2013 Add to Playlist Play 2 : 19 Introduction to Mobile-Flex -- Enterprise Mobility Solution -- BYOD Solved Published : 05 Jun 2014 Add to Playlist Play 1 : 24 Networking Virtual Environments Published : 09 Apr 2013 Add to Playlist Play 4 : 59 Meet the InteropNet Team : Ken Bocchino Published : 02 May 2013 Add to Playlist Play 9 : 42 How to Detect Click Fraud with Google Adwords to avoid Invalid Clicks Detection Monitoring Software Published : 03 Dec 2012 Add to Playlist Play 30 : 30 Watch out How Google Atmosphere Maps can help organization in Mobile Workforce Management Published : 26 Sep 2013 Popular News Stories ISIS , Hip-Hop Jihadists and the Man Who Killed James Foley The Daily Beast Hundreds dead as Islamic State seizes Syrian air base The Times of India Boko Haram declares ' Islamic state ' in northern Nigeria BBC News Russia 's Convoy Was No Trojan Horse WorldNews.com Do Harm , Look the Other Way : The New Hippocratic Oath ? WorldNews.com Is the Pentagon preparing to launch air strikes against ISIS in Syria ? The Times of India Libya crisis : US ' caught off-guard ' by air strikes BBC News Breaking Bad And Sherlock Dominate At The Emmy Awards Cinema Blend China Wants To Replace Microsoft , Apple , And Android Software By October Business Insider Like World News ? Emulex Revolutionizes Bare Metal Provisioning for Hyperscale Data Centers with New OpenWorks Connector ( Emulex Corporation ) ( Source : Emulex Corporation ) Emulex Revolutionizes Bare Metal Provisioning for Hyperscale Data Centers with New OpenWorks Connector Emulex and Egenera Join Forces to Accelerate Server Deployment with Over-the-Wire Management Capabilities SAN FRANCISCO & COSTA MESA , Calif. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Aug. 25 , 2014 -- VMWORLD - Emulex Corporation ( NYSE : ELX ) , a leader in network noodls 2014-08-25 HP and VMware Collaborate to Simplify Software-Defined Data Center and Hybrid Cloud Adoption ( HP - Hewlett Packard Company ) ( Source : HP - Hewlett Packard Company ) SAN FRANCISCO , Aug. 25 , 2014 - Today at VMworld® 2014 , HP and VMware announced the expansion of a long-standing relationship to help customers gain competitive advantage by adopting the software-defined data center and hybrid cloud.

I expect the vRealize Air Automation solution to start to look and function more similar to the management consoles of AWS , Azure , Google Cloud Platform or IBM Softlayer.  And it will also likely go much further and start to compete with popular SaaS-based Cloud Management Brokers like , CSC ServiceMesh , Dell Cloud Manager or Rightscale.  According to customers , VMware is a very good management company and management is one of the stickiest parts to continue to leverage VMware technologies.

Cloud Communications Featured Article IBM 's Softlayer Platform Making Miami 's St. Thomas University Cloud-Ready May 07 , 2014 By Madhubanti Rudra TMCnet Contributor

Give a listen and do n't forget that cloud execs including Amazon 's Werner Vogels , IBM Softlayer 's Lance Crosby , Rackspace 's Taylor Rhodes , Microsoft 's Scott Guthrie , VMware 's Bill Fathers and others will all be on hand to talk about the brutally competitive cloud market scenario at Gigaom 's Structure event in June.

April 17 , 2014 03 : 11 PM Eastern Daylight Time ARMONK , N.Y. & STAMFORD , Conn. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer’s open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex’s industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

“IBM can confirm that clients using its public cloud platform will be transitioned to the Softlayer ( an IBM company ) public cloud platform , providing clients with a higher performing public cloud solution with advanced functionality,” remarked an IBM spokesperson in a report from The Register’s Simon Sharwood.

Register now and get it on your calendar ! 2014 confirmed speakers include : Andy Bechtolsheim , Founder , Chief Development Officer and Chairman , Arista Networks Diane M. Bryant , SVP , GM , Data Center Group , Intel Adrian Cockcroft , Technical Fellow , Battery Ventures Lance Crosby , CEO , Softlayer , an IBM Company Sameer Dholakia , Group VP and GM , Cloud Platforms Group , Citrix Bill Fathers , SVP and GM Hybrid Cloud Services , VMware Urs Hölzle , Senior Vice President , Technical Infrastructure , Google Fellow , Google Chris Kemp , Founder , Nebula Vinod Khosla , Partner , Khosla Ventures Marten Mickos , CEO , Eucalyptus Systems Werner Vogels , VP and CTO , Amazon.com Scott Yara , President and Head of Products , Pivotal See the full list here.

Ubuntu Linux maker 's BootStack offering can be on-premise or hosted via a partnership with IBM Softlayer By Serdar Yegulalp | InfoWorld Follow @ syegulalp Canonical has a new stack -- a managed version of OpenStack , that is , with plans for on-premise and remotely hosted incarnations.

[ Want more on IBM 's Softlayer investments ? Read IBM Bets Big On Global Datacenter Network . ] 

Playing with the big boys We discussed how Connectria and other smaller providers can compete with Amazon , Google , Microsoft , IBM Softlayer and other cloud service providers.

Over the last several years , IBM has been putting together a portfolio of cloud services from Softlayer for infrastructure , BlueMix for development and more than 100 cloud-based software services including recent purchases of Silverpop and Cloudant.

" That 's something we did n't have 8 years ago and there has been a big acceleration in particular in the last year with IBM Softlayer , " Guihard-Joly said.

The Loft Group was also attracted to IBM Softlayer because the technology provided the company 's customer support teams with the ability to use analytics to monitor and tune their networks in the cloud , providing more consistent and effective performance.

and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer’s open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex’s industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

PRODUCT/SERVICE LAUNCHES II-27 TryStack and Centec Networks Launch OPEN Cloud Solution II-27 TP Vision Introduces Cloud-Based Services for Philips Smart TV Platform II-27 Colt Introduces Colt Cloud Storage II-27 ProviDyn Introduces ProviDyn Sync II-27 Gladinet Rolls Out Gladinet Cloud Enterprise II-27 Telefnica and CTERA Networks Collaborate to Unveil Disco Virtual en Red II-27 Barracuda Networks Launches Copy Cloud-based File Storage and Sharing Platform II-27 Logmein Unveils Cubby Cloud-based Storage II-27 Parallels IP Holdings Unveils APS 2.0 and Parallels Cloud Storage II-27 CloudByte Unveils ElastiStor 1.1 Datacenter Storage Solution II-27 SFR Business Unveils SuiteStockage Cloud Service II-27 Seagate Launches Seagate Terascale HDD and Seagate Enterprise Performance 10K HDD v7 II-27 Caringo Introduces CloudScaler 2.0 Software II-27 Carbonite Introduces Enhanced Server Backup Solution II-27 Hitachi Data Systems Introduces Improvements to 3 IT Infrastructure Solutions II-27 CTERA Networks Launches Cloud Storage Platform Version 4.0 II-27 Red Hat Launches Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform and Cloud Infrastructure II-27 IBM Introduces Big Data and Cloud Upgrades across Systems Portfolio II-27 Veeam Launches New Cloud Backup Management Suite II-27 AT&T Launches Mobile Workplace II-27 Yandex Unveils New Music Player for Android II-27 TwinStrata Unveils CloudArray DRaaS II-27 Caringo Announces Support for Citrix CloudPortal Business Manager 2.0 II-27 VMware Launches VMware vCloud Hybrid Service II-27 Zetta.net Introduces Sophisticated Multi-Tenant MSP Management Console II-27 Zmanda Releases Amanda Enterprise 3.3 and ZRM for MySQL 3.5 II-27 MOOS Project Viewer Team Releases Version 2.9 II-27 Mezeo Extends Mezeo Cloud Storage Platform II-27 Rackspace Introduces OpenCenter II-28 Orange Selects CTERA Solution for New Storage Service II-28 Veeam Releases Veeam Backup Cloud Edition II-28 ZETTA.NET Introduces Zetta.net DataProtect II-28 Carbonite Unveils Carbonite Currents II-28 Egnyte Releases EgnytePlus Hybrid Cloud Storage Platform II-28 Verizon Communications Unveils New Cloud-based Storage Services Portfolio II-28 Toshiba 's Digital Products Division Enters Cloud Storage Space Introduces Canvio Personal Cloud II-28 Acronis Unveils New Version of True Image 2013 II-28 Nirvanix , and TwinStrata Launch Nirvanix-CloudArray Cloud Storage Starter Kit II-28 Webair Launches EMC Isilon X-Series II-28 GTS Introduces GTS Backup and GTS Data Storage II-28 SugarSync and Lenovo Introduce Lenovo Cloud Storage II-28 Bitdefender Launches Safebox II-28 Swisscom IT Services to Launch New Line of Cloud-based File Collaboration and Data Protection Services II-28 SpiderOak to Offer Documentation and Source Code of Nimbus.iO to Developers II-28 Symantec Launches Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition 2013 II-28 Riverbed Unveils Whitewater Model 3010 Appliance II-28 Rackspace Adds Critical Application Services to Open Cloud II-28 SoftLayer Unveils Softlayer Object Storage II-28 Pogo Storage Partners with LSI and OS NEXUS to Unveil PogoStor II-28 STRATO Introduces HiDrive Free II-28 Bezeq and CTERA Collaborate to Launch Bezeq Remote Backup II-28 Eye-Fi to Launch Circ and Circ Plus II-28 TwinStrata Launches Upgraded Version of CloudArray 4.0 II-28 QNAP Introduces TS-x79 Series II-28 Novell Launches Novell Dynamic File Services II-28 RAX to Launch OpenStack-Based Cloud Block Storage II-28 Savvis Rolls out Savvis Symphony CloudStorage Technology II-29 Interush Unveils PHYTTER DOCK Application II-29 MyCorporation Unveils MyCorpVault II-29 Scenios Rolls out Free Cloud Solution II-29 Maxis Unveils Loker II-29 DRFortress Unveils DRFcloud in Collaboration with Appcore II-29 Debriefing Software Introduces Wizard Storage Portal II-29 Rackspace Improves Service Portfolio II-29 IBM Launches New Power Systems , Mainframe and Storage Technologies II-29 EMC Launches EMC Storage Resource Management II-29 Red Hat to Launch New Portfolio of Open Hybrid Cloud Solutions II-29 Caringo Rolls out Three New Cloud Storage Software Products II-29 SoftLayer Unveils New Private Clouds Solution II-29 Caringo Launches VMS Editions of CAStor and CFS II-29 Yandex Unveils Beta Edition of Yandex.Disk II-29 CTERA Launches CTERA Mobile for Android and Apple iOS II-29 StorSimple Launches New Solutions for Cloud-Based Enterprise- Grade Storage Products II-29 TwinStrata Unveils Storage Gateway for Google 's Cloud Storage Clients II-29 Symantec Launches Symantec O3 Cloud Identity and Access Control , a Powerful Protection Solution for the Cloud II-29 Caringo Unveils the Caringo Object Storage Platform Version 5.5 II-29 TwinStrata Launches TwinStrata CloudArray for HP Cloud Services II-29 FUJIFILM Recording Media and FUJIFILM Medical Systems Enter into Joint Venture II-29 SolidFire Launches SF6010 II-29 NEC Introduces Cloud-based Storage Solution II-29 Drobo Introduces Drobo-AWS Hybrid Cloud Storage Solution II-29 D-Link Introduces Mydlink Cloud Networking Solution II-29 Amazon Unveils High Storage Instances Family II-29 EMC Expands Atmos Portfolio with New Cloud Storage Enhancements II-29 HP Adds Enhancements to the HP Cloud Services Collection II-29 Bridgestor Launches Crunch Appliance for Deduplication of Virtual Machine Images to the Cloud or Tape II-29

Inside IBM-Lenovo $ 2.3B server deal : What 's included Published : 2014-01-23 07 : 15 : 32 Updated : 2014-01-23 07 : 15 : 32 Workings servers stand inside pod one of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas , U.S. , on Thursday , Jan. 16 , 2014.

Watson 's lack of integration with Softlayer is reportedly a sore spot for IBM customers ; as of press time , no date is available for the Softlayer integration.

His tweeted comment said : " Today . @ IBM informed it 's # SmartCloud customers to move to # Softlayer data centers - probably largest move of # cloud on record so far. " 

Joyent is relatively unknown , at least to the mass majority cloud adopters who are busy comparing Microsoft and IBM Softlayer with AWS.

In addition to bringing these new services to SoftLayer customers , IBM and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer 's open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex 's industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

Setup Systems in Microsoft Azure and IBM Softlayer cloud environment and fully support those Servers .. 

IBM 's Softlayer datacenter in Dallas , Texas.

X Bloomberg News Lenovo Said to Have Beaten Fujitsu to IBM Deal After Dell Passed By Alex Barinka January 23 , 2014 Servers and hard drives stand inside pod one of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas.

Given that RackWare is enterprise focused , and IBM has a nice enterprise story with Softlayer , this will be of real interest to enterprises who want to leverage Softlayer , but also want the independence of a third party cloud management tool.

IBM’s preoccupation with having ISVs run their products on Softlayer will put another huge spanner in the works – I can’t see IBM holding on to this requirement for long though , it will seriously hamper the success of the marketplace.

The goal of the investment is to position IBM as one of the " three or four largest global providers " in a market that IBM estimates will reach $ 200 billion by 2020 , " former Softlayer CEO and current IBM cloud chief Lance Crosby reportedly said during a telephone interview.

Unfortunately , Reitzes believes that IBM's adaptation of Softlayer could take some time , and that IBM needs to increase capital expenditures devoted to this area.

Even though the bare metal servers are n't running a hypervisor the provisioning and setup of the bare metal servers is automated , using proprietary software developed by IBM Softlayer.

Savvis and Cloudera’s collaboration enables organizations to meet their diverse information management and big data requirements through a flexible , fully managed solution.” _ Steve Garrou , vice president , global solutions management Softlayer , an IBM company - “Through our partnership with Cloudera , we’re giving enterprises the performance and flexibility to tackle the toughest workloads on the cloud in a way that works best for them.

" We are pleased that the site will provide visibility to Zend Server on Softlayer , Zend Patterns , Zend BuildPacks for IBM BlueMix and more.

IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions today announced that they have signed an estimated $ 10-million agreement for IBM to provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer’s open , scalable and secure infrastructure to support Novitex’s industry leading document outsourcing solutions.

IBM will begin offering Infiniband networking to connect bare metal servers in its Softlayer data centers.

The product coming out of the technique is a software toolkit , to be offered through IBM 's Softlayer subsidiary.

  Among other reasons , The Loft Group was attracted to IBM 's Softlayer because the technology provided the company 's customer support teams with the ability to use analytics to monitor and tune their networks , providing more consistent and effective performance.  " Moving our services to the cloud allows us to achieve global scale and consistent performance across multiple countries , helping us grow at a pace which would have otherwise taken anywhere from 3-5 years , " said Garry Russell , Loft Group product and services director.

MongoDB ecosystem partners include Amazon , IBM , Informatica , Intel , Microsoft , MongoHQ , MongoLabs , Rackspace , Red Hat , Softlayer and VMware.

Egan , formerly of IBM and Red Hat , told CRN , “I haven’t seen a technology that’s as popular with partners across an ecosystem as this one.” That popularity extends from system integrators to cloud service providers like Amazon , Google , Rackspace and IBM Softlayer,” Egan said.

Photographer : Ben Torres/Bloomberg Public , private , and management data wires lead to servers on one of the cloud racks inside pod two of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas.

What remains to be seen is whether this dynamic persists as Oracle launches IaaS in the summer and IBM via Softlayer and HP become more of an industry force.

In June , IBM opened the first of two new Softlayer Cloud Services data centers designed and dedicated for U.S. government workloads and compliant with Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program ( FedRAMP ) and Federal Information Security Management Act ( FISMA ) requirements.

A provider of information technology ( IT ) products and services , IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Novitex Enterprise Solutions signed an agreement for USD10m , whereby IBM will provide cloud-based Infrastructure and Security services leveraging Softlayer , to support Novitex 's document outsourcing solutions , the company reported on Friday.

For service providers who want a low barrier to entry and fast time to market IaaS solution , both IBM/Softlayer and Hostway have APS packages to enable syndication of their infrastructure through Parallels Automation.

On The Future Of SCE+ I suggested in my post that Smart Cloud Enterprise + was soon to be an orphan product as IBM started moving the entire Smart Cloud family over to their Softlayer cloud platform.

Halo handles any workload environment -- public , private , hybrid cloud and traditional data centers -- across all IaaS platforms , including IBM Softlayer , Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) , Rackspace , Microsoft Azure , and HP CloudSystem Matrix.

IBM Begins Integration of its Cloud Portfolio with Softlayer Its social learning platform will now be available to a variety of industries on SoftLayer infrastructure By John Ribeiro Wed , October 09 , 2013

Multiple components , including consulting services , pre-built assets from IBM Research , software , advanced analytics , ongoing support and cloud infrastructure delivered via Softlayer , an IBM company , are packaged into a single client agreement and delivered " as a service. " 

Salesforce1 , Oracle Cloud , Microsoft Azure , IBM Softlayer , Red Hat OpenShift , Progress Pacific , and other established cloud providers are getting some fierce competition-SAP HANA Cloud Platform.

IBM said the enhanced SAP services for its cloud will offer customers a number of potential benefits , including : ·         Reduced support costs ·         Speed up development and test instantly with no capital outlay required ·         Deployment of hybrid cloud solutions on Softlayer and Cloud Managed Services ·         Development and testing of SAP HANA using SAP HANA One with click thru license capabilities “We anticipate that this approach will prove valuable to enable customers to easily scale to constantly increasing business requirements,” said Robert Enslin , SAP’s president of Global Customer Operations , in a statement.

The fraud discovery assets will be available in the cloud , enabled by IBM Softlayer .

X Bloomberg News China’s Inspur Woos IBM Customers as U.S. Dispute Escalates By Bloomberg News May 28 , 2014 Servers and hard drives stand inside the International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas , U.S. Photographer : Ben Torres/Bloomberg Chinese server maker Inspur Group Ltd. started a campaign to lure customers from International Business Machines Corp. as the government studies if domestic banks’ reliance on IBM technology threatens national security.

APS Packaged IaaS offerings now available from IBM/Softlayer and Hostway.

IBM Breaks Into the Cloud Softlayer acquisition is probably just the start of its dealmaking By Tom Taulli , InvestorPlace Writer & IPO Playbook Editor | Jun 5 , 2013 , 2 : 14 pm EDT IBM ( IBM ) has gone to the acquisitions well over the past decade to pump up its software business , and with considerable success considering the stock 's annual 13 % returns over the past 10 years.

Even more surprising is the upward sloping price curve we encounter in some cases , e.g. , with IBM/Softlayer , where unit costs increase for local storage and CPU for larger workloads. " 

Send this story to a friend Mar 10 , 2014 , 8 : 30am EDT IBM CEO : We are not exiting hardware business Ben Torres Servers and hard drives stand inside pod one of International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) Softlayer data center in Dallas , Texas.

